GET INVOLVED 

Volunteer 

WHOLEhealth is a rapidly growing non-governmental organization dedicated to assisting Rwandans with various mental health issues. Since its inception a few years ago, WHOLEhealth has reached thousands of people through community outreach, media talk shows, and in-person gatherings. Its contribution to Rwanda's health sector has been highly significant.

 What makes us unique is that we are healthcare providers specializing in various fields such as public health, counseling, theology, and leadership. As born-again Christians, we are well-positioned to touch people's lives physically, emotionally, and spiritually. We are dedicated to providing services to our beneficiaries with the love and compassion we receive from Christ our Lord, who enables us to achieve better results than anticipated.
WHOLEhealth focuses on addressing the root causes of problems throughout the therapeutic journey rather than just the apparent symptoms, which is an effective approach in dealing with mental health issues.

Collective efforts are needed to acheive this vision of  cultivating a healthy environment of love and  physical/mental/social/spiritual wellbeing in our society . It is in this regard that we call upon all people whom we share the same burden to join our team as striving to assist vulnerable people who struggle with mental health problems. 


Voluntary positions  currently accepted are indicated below;
Occupational therapists (counselors) and mental health educators ;
WHOLEhealth Organization is seeking motivated individuals with a passion for helping those battling against mental health problems. We are looking for counselors and mental health educators who are dedicated to contributing their efforts to help the organization fulfill its mission.
Human resources and Finance officer
Fundraising and Public relation Officer
 Write to us on 


 Partner with us  


 The link for the Partnership application will include.  
The name of the Organisation , Company or Individual 
Contacts , Email 
Subject 
The message to the organization


To become a member.
To become a member, you need to accept the values of WHOLEhealth Organization and be prepared to contribute towards fulfilling its mission.
Becoming a member of WHOLEhealth Organization means dedicating yourself to actively participating in the fight against mental health problems in our society.
Becoming a member of WHOLEhealth Organization involves commiting  yourself to contribute the monthly membership fee. 
Gold membership : 150 000 Rwfr
Platinum Membership : 100 000 Rwfr 
Silver Membership: 50 000 Rwfr
Ordinary membership: 10 000 Rwfr 
The application link for membership should include:
Personal Informations 
Name of the applicant 
Gender 
Phone number 
Email




Do you Believe in the WO mission?  (yes or No )
Do you consent to contribute to the implementation of the WO mission ? (yes or No ) 
Are you willing to contribute the 	monthly l  membership fee to ensure the implementation of WO’S mission? ( Yes or No) 
Which category of membership are you contributing for ?


Gold membership : 150 000 Rwfr
Platinum Membership : 100 000 Rwfr 
Silver Membership: 50 000 Rwfr
Ordinary membership: 10 000 Rwfr 
Submit 
